## Reason for Referral

(ref:first-name) (ref:last-name) is a (ref:age)-year-old (ref:sex) self-referred
for evaluation to assess (ref:his-her) current cognitive and emotional
functioning and to develop an intervention plan. (ref:first-name) reports a
history of mood dysregulation, performance anxiety, attention/organization
problems, and social-emotional difficulties. This report is based on a review of
available medical records, clinical interviews, and information gathered across
multiple days of examination. Results and recommendations were discussed with
(ref:first-name) during interactive feedback on the final day of the evaluation.

## Background

(ref:first-name) presents with complaints of x, y, and z.

## Relevant History

### Developmental/Medical

(ref:first-name) was born full-term following an uncomplicated pregnancy, labor,
and delivery. Major developmental milestones were achieved within expected
timeframes.

Medical history includes x, y, and z. (ref:his-her-cap) medical history also
includes attention problems, which were longstanding but first treated after
(ref:his-her) 20XX concussion. However, (ref:his-her) mother reported ongoing
difficulties with focus/concentration and forgetfulness. (ref:he-she-cap) said
(ref:he-she) struggles to remember tasks (ref:he-she) needs to do and forgets to
complete and turn in homework. (ref:he-she-cap) also reported that it has been
difficult to get (ref:first-name) to take (ref:his-her) medications if
(ref:he-she) is not there to remind (ref:him-her). (ref:he-she-cap) has told
(ref:his-her) that (ref:he-she) would like to stop taking all medication.
Previous medication includes Ritalin (stopped because of low appetite). There
are no current concerns with hearing, vision, sleep, appetite, or growth.
(ref:he-she-cap) also denies current headaches or pain. Family medical history
includes x, y, and z. Surgical history includes x, y, and z.

### Behavioral/Emotional/Social

(ref:first-name)'s mother reported that (ref:he-she) has struggled with
depression over the years. (ref:he-she-cap) was especially upset at no longer
being allowed to play sports after (ref:his-her) previous concussions.
(ref:he-she-cap) noted that (ref:his-her) mood has been better and (ref:he-she)
has not been as withdrawn since increasing (ref:his-her) dose of Effexor XR.
(ref:he-she-cap) denied concerns about (ref:him-her) harming (ref:him-her)self
or others. (ref:he-she-cap) expressed concern about (ref:his-her) coping skills.
(ref:he-she-cap) also said that (ref:he-she) has always tended to want things a
certain way, in a certain order. However, this has not caused problems in daily
life. (ref:he-she-cap) denied any other anxiety.

(ref:first-name) has many friends. (ref:he-she-cap) enjoys pick-up basketball
and watching basketball games. (ref:his-her-cap) mother reported that
(ref:he-she) recently got (ref:his-her) driver's license and is looking for a
job.

### Academics

(ref:first-name) recently completed (ref:educ) at Local High School.
(ref:he-she-cap) earned C's, D's, and F's in (ref:his-her) classes.
(ref:he-she-cap) is now taking English (online course) in summer school.
(ref:his-her-cap) mother reported that (ref:he-she) is frustrated with
(ref:his-her) grades, as (ref:he-she) has been an A/B student in the past.

### Family/Home

(ref:first-name) lives with (ref:his-her) parents, grandmother, and brother and
sister in City, State. Both parents graduated from high school. Recent stressors
include a family member's illness. Family mental health history includes
depression.
