---
title: "Academics"
---

### Academic Skills

(ref:acad) *Reading ability* consists of three interrelated abilities: decoding,
comprehension, and fluency. *Writing ability* can be described in terms of
spelling, grammar, expression of ideas, and writing fluency. *Math ability* can
be described in terms of calculation skills, applied problem solving, and math
fluency.

(ref:read) *Reading ability* can be described as consisting of three
interrelated abilities: decoding (the ability to recognize and pronounce written
words presented without context), comprehension (the ability not only to
understand the facts presented in the text but also the ability to figure out
things in the text that are not directly stated), and fluency (the ability to
decode and understand simple written information in a rapid and fluent manner).

(ref:write) *Writing ability* can be described in terms of spelling, grammar,
expression of ideas, and writing fluency. Spelling ability and writing fluency
help one write quickly and with quality. If these lower-level skills do not flow
easily, they can take up attention and working memory space so that more
important skills such as making good choices about words and meaning (i.e.,
expression), and capitalizing on background grammar knowledge to construct good
pieces of writing cannot be used as easily.

(ref:math) *Math ability* can be described in terms of calculation skills,
applied problem solving (e.g., word problems), and math fluency.

(ref:first-name)'s broad academic achievement and academic fluency skills fell
in the Average range for (ref:his-her) age and grade-level. Math fluency, math
calculation, and quantitative reasoning were Average to Exceptionally High.
(ref:he-she-cap) demonstrated Average written expression skills on measures of
word spelling and expository writing, and Average writing speed/fluency. By
contrast, there were statistically significant and clinically meaningful
differences between (ref:first-name)'s predicted scores (based on (ref:his-her)
cognitive ability) and the scores (ref:he-she) actually obtained on measures of
reading achievement. While reading comprehension stood out as a strength, there
were 21-25 point discrepancies between (ref:his-her) predicted and obtained
scores on the Word Reading subtest and the Reading composite. These differences
are significant and so large that they are not commonly found in the general
population (2%-5%), indicating a notable personal weakness in reading decoding.
A pattern of strengths and weakness (PSW) analysis indicated reduced working
memory capacity contributes to (ref:first-name)'s low reading scores and very
likely constrains learning.
