<!-- ### Emotional/Behavioral/Personality -->

Patient's adaptive functioning in everyday situations was examined. Their current overall level of adaptive behavior is in the Mildly Impaired range, as high as or higher than 4% of adults of the same age. Adaptive skill areas within the Conceptual domain were in the Mildly Impaired range, with below average to impaired scores in communication (including speech, listening, conversation, and nonverbal communication skills), functional academics (performing basic pre-academic skills that form the foundations of higher-level reading, writing, and mathematics), and self-direction (ability to make independent choices, exhibit self-control, and take responsibility when appropriate). Patient's specific skill sets within the Social domain were rated as being an area of concern as well. For example, they do not witness First use free time during the school day productively or interactively very often, nor engage in play and recreational activities for fun. They are also concerned about their ability to interact socially, initiate and maintain friendships, and express and recognize emotions. Lastly, Patient's level of functioning in a classroom setting, including maintenance of school property and taking care of personal possessions was also rated an area of difficulty for them.

(ref:first-name) completed an objective, self-report inventory of personality
and emotional functioning. (ref:his-her-cap) validity profile suggested
(ref:he-she) attended to the item content and responded in a candid and
forthcoming manner. Furthermore, (ref:he-she) did not attempt to overly present
(ref:him-her)self in a negative or positive light. Given (ref:first-name)'s
scores on the validity scales, there are no problems with interpreting the
clinical profile.

On the clinical scales, (ref:first-name)'s profile revealed no elevations above
the clinical skyline that would indicate the presence of clinical
psychopathology in the areas that are tapped by the individual clinical scales.
Based on interpretation of (ref:first-name)'s scores, (ref:he-she) reported some
preoccupation with physical symptoms and bodily complaints (_elevated SOM-H_);
it is possible that (ref:he-she) may express (ref:his-her) psychological
distress through somatic symptoms. (ref:first-name) reported high perceived
stress, a great deal of tension, and having difficulty relaxing (_elevated
ANX-A_). (ref:he-she-cap) appears to have a tendency to be impulsive and
(ref:his-her) impulsive behaviors may interfere with interpersonal problems and
school functioning (_elevated BOR-S_). As a result of (ref:his-her) desire for
excitement and stimulation, (ref:first-name) may often become easily bored by
routine activities (_elevated ANT-S_). Furthermore, (ref:first-name)'s profile
suggests (ref:he-she) tends to be egocentric and have little regard for others.
Although (ref:he-she) may feel guilt over past misbehaviors, (ref:he-she) may
feel little long-standing remorse (_elevated ANT-E_). On the NON scales,
(ref:first-name)'s score suggests (ref:he-she) generally feels (ref:his-her)
family is a source of social support. However, (ref:he-she) may have few close
interpersonal relationships. Finally, (ref:first-name)'s RXR score suggests
(ref:he-she) acknowledges the need to make changes and reports having a
generally positive attitude towards making personal change. Given the patient's
diagnosis of ADHD and Mood Disorder, the patient's personality profile appears
to explain some of (ref:his-her) classic symptoms such as concentration
difficulties, stimulus seeking, irritability, and impulsive behavior.
