# NEUROBEHAVIORAL STATUS EXAM

## Identifying Information

**Patient:** (ref:last-name), (ref:first-name)\
**Date of Birth:** (ref:dob)\
**MRN:** (ref:mrn)\
**Gender:** (ref:sex)\
**Age:** (ref:age)\
**Date of Evaluation:** (ref:doe1)

## Measures Administered

- Conners' Adult ADHD Diagnostic Interview for DSM-IV (CAADID), Part I: History
- Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales–Self-Report: Long Version (CAARS–S:L)
- Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales–Observer Report: Long Version (CAARS–O:L)
- Comprehensive Executive Function Inventory Adult (CEFI Adult) Self-Report Form
- Comprehensive Executive Function Inventory Adult (CEFI Adult) Observer Form

## Reason for Referral

(ref:first-name) (ref:last-name) is a (ref:age)-year-old (ref:race) (ref:sex)
self-referred for evaluation to assess (ref:his-her) current cognitive and
emotional functioning and to develop an intervention plan. (ref:first-name)
reports a history of mood dysregulation, performance anxiety,
attention/organization problems, and social-emotional difficulties. This report
is based on a review of available medical records and information gathered
across a 1-hour neurobehavioral exam conducted with the patient via telemedicine
on (ref:doe1).

## Relevant History

### Developmental/Medical

(ref:first-name) was born full-term following an uncomplicated pregnancy, labor,
and delivery. Major developmental milestones were achieved within expected
timeframes.

Medical history includes x, y, and z. (ref:his-her-cap) medical history also
includes attention problems, which were longstanding but first treated after
(ref:his-her) 20XX concussion. (ref:his-her-cap) now takes Concerta.
(ref:he-she-cap) reported ongoing difficulties with focus/concentration and
forgetfulness. (ref:he-she-cap) said (ref:he-she) struggles to remember tasks
(ref:he-she) needs to do and forgets to complete and turn in homework.
(ref:he-she-cap) also reported that it has been difficult to get(ref:first-name)
to take (ref:his-her) medications if (ref:he-she) is not there to remind
(ref:him-her). (ref:he-she-cap) has told (ref:his-her) that (ref:he-she) would
like to stop taking all medication. Previous medication includes Ritalin
(stopped because of low appetite). There are no current concerns with hearing,
vision, sleep, or appetite. (ref:he-she-cap) also denies current headaches or
pain. Family medical history includes x, y, and z. Surgical history includes x,
y, and z.

### Academics

(ref:first-name) recently completed (ref:educ) at Local High School.
(ref:he-she-cap) earned C's, D's, and F's in (ref:his-her) classes.
(ref:his-her-cap) mother reported that (ref:he-she) is frustrated with
(ref:his-her) grades, as (ref:he-she) has been an A/B student in the past.
(ref:he-she-cap) said that (ref:he-she) has trouble with daily work as well as
quizzes/tests. (ref:his-her-cap) teachers have reported poor participation in
class.

### Behavioral/Emotional/Social

(ref:first-name) reported that (ref:he-she) has struggled with depression over
the years. (ref:he-she-cap) was especially upset at no longer being allowed to
play sports after (ref:his-her) previous concussions. (ref:he-she-cap) noted
that (ref:his-her) mood has been better and (ref:he-she) has not been as
withdrawn since increasing (ref:his-her) dose of Effexor XR. (ref:he-she-cap)
denied concerns about (ref:him-her) harming (ref:him-her)self or others.
(ref:he-she-cap) expressed concern about (ref:his-her) coping skills.
(ref:he-she-cap) also said that (ref:he-she) has always tended to want things a
certain way, in a certain order. However, this has not caused problems in daily
life. (ref:he-she-cap) denied any other anxiety.

(ref:first-name) has many friends. (ref:he-she-cap) enjoys pick-up basketball
and watching basketball games. (ref:his-her-cap) mother reported that
(ref:he-she) recently got (ref:his-her) driver's license and is looking for a
job.

### Family

(ref:first-name) lives with (ref:his-her) parents and older brother and sister
in City, State. Both parents graduated from high school. Recent stressors
include a family member's illness. Family mental health history includes
depression.

## Prior Testing

(ref:first-name) had a previous neuropsychological evaluation (Month 20XX),
shortly following (ref:his-her) 20XX concussion. Results at that time indicated
age-appropriate intelligence, but weaknesses in attention, executive skills,
memory, fine motor speed, and word-finding. Of note, on the day of that prior
testing (ref:he-she) had not taken stimulant medication and reported continuous
headache.

## Mental Status & Behavioral Observations During Interview

(ref:first-name) arrived on time to the telemedicine interview. (ref:he-she-cap)
was alert, oriented to the situation, and appeared to understand the questions
that were being asked of (ref:him-her). (ref:he-she-cap) was articulate,
demonstrated a clear and logical thought process, and (ref:his-her) speech was
normal in rate, pitch, and prosody. (ref:his-her-cap) affect was normal in range
and expression.

## Summary/Impression

(ref:first-name) (ref:last-name) is a (ref:age)-year-old, (ref:hand)-handed
(ref:sex) with a history of (ref:dx1) and (ref:dx1). (ref:he-she-cap) is
motivated to complete the evaluation and to use the information gained to
develop tailored plans for psychiatric intervention and school accommodations.

### Diagnostic Considerations

[[dsm5_icd10_diagnoses]]

## Recommendations/Plan

1. Proceed with comprehensive neuropsychological, academic, and personality
   assessments;
2. Develop targeted intervention plan and academic plan based on results of
   testing.

_Note:_ Evaluation is ongoing. Full report and recommendations to follow.

Please contact me with any questions or concerns regarding this patient.

Neurobehavioral status exam and clinical documentation by Neuropsychologist
(96116 x 1, 96121 x 1): 2 hr, 5 min.

TRAMPUSH PH.D., JOEY W

### Telemedicine Statement

_I connected with the Patient by a video enabled telemedicine application and
verified that I am speaking with the correct person using two identifiers. I
discussed the limitations of evaluation and management by telemedicine and the
availability of in-person appointments. The patient expressed understanding and
agreed to proceed. I have verified this to be the correct patient and obtained
verbal consent from the patient to perform this voluntary telemedicine visit and
evaluation (including obtaining history from the patient). The patient has the
right to refuse this evaluation. I have explained risks (including potential
loss of confidentiality), benefits, alternatives, and the potential need for
subsequent face-to-face care. The patient understands that there is a risk of
medical inaccuracies given that our recommendations will be made based on
reported data (and we must therefore assume this information is accurate).
Knowing that there is a risk that this information is not reported accurately,
and that the telemedicine video, audio, or data feed may be incomplete, the
patient agrees to proceed with evaluation and holds Keck Medicine of USC
harmless knowing these risks. I have notified the patient that other healthcare
professionals (including students, residents, and technical personnel) may be
involved in this audio-video evaluation. All laws concerning medical records
apply to telemedicine. The patient has received the Keck Medicine of USC Notice
of Privacy Practices._
