### Attention/Executive

Formal testing of an array of attention and executive functions revealed heterogeneous skills.
Orientation to person, place, time, and situation were intact.
No gross behavioral apathy or disinhibition was observed.
Auditory attentional capacity was Average (_ digits forward).
Working memory for orally presented information was Average (_ digits backward).
Nonverbal working memory was Average.
Attentional fluency performance requiring psychomotor speed, concentration, sustained attention, focused/selective attention, divided attention, and information processing speed was Average.
Visual working memory requiring visual scanning, attention to detail, and selective visual attention on a task designed to emulate real-world driving scenes was Average.
The ability to register, maintain, and manipulate auditory information as measured by the Digit Span subtest was Average, and the ability to keep visual information active in conscious awareness as measured by the Picture Span subtest was Average relative to same age peers.
Cognitive efficiency, encompassing psychomotor speed, visual scanning ability, visual-motor coordination, and visual-perceptual/decision-making speed, was Average overall.
Concept formation and abstract reasoning skills were Average.
Performance across measures of planning and flexible problem-solving, concept formation, and decision-making in medical and emergency situations was Average.
Verbal initiation and word retrieval fluency were Average.
Performance on a measure inhibitory control was Average.
Planning and problem-solving skills examined through a 6-minute unstructured, speeded task was Average.^[This was a novel planning task published as part of the NIH EXAMINER Executive Function Battery [@kramer2014]. The task allows the examinee to choose which problems they want to work on to maximize points earned. In doing so, examinees need to plan ahead, avoid items that are strategically poor choices, and be cognizant of when a particular booklet offers diminishing returns. (ref:first-name) performed this task effortlessly.]
