## Overall Evaluation Interpretation

Without question, (ref:first-name) is an endearing person who presents with a
multitude of cognitive and interpersonal strengths, noted in detail above.
Strengths notwithstanding, two broad clinical and diagnostic conclusions can be
drawn from the current evaluation.

(ref:first-name) (ref:last-name) is a (ref:age)-year-old (ref:sex) with a
history of (ref:dx1) and (ref:dx2). (ref:he-she-cap) was referred for testing by
(ref:his-her) psychiatrist, (ref:refdoc), to assess (ref:his-her) current
cognitive and emotional functioning. (ref:his-her-cap) premorbid and current
general ability/intellectual skills are in the average range for (ref:his-her)
age and level of schooling. Verbal/language processing is intact. Fluid/spatial
reasoning is broadly intact for (ref:his-her) age; scores that are somewhat low
in this area are secondary to nonverbal working memory difficulties rather than
difficulties with reasoning and problem-solving. Attentional and executive
functioning, including judgment/decision-making, auditory attention, and
processing speed are average. Of note, attentional/executive functioning
deficits may not show up on tests or in a structured testing office and yet be
evident in real-world settings. This seems to be the case for (ref:first-name),
as (ref:his-her) self-report ratings indicated moderate attention and executive
problems in the areas of inattention/working memory difficulties,
impulsivity/emotional lability, and on a global indicator of symptoms suggestive
of a disorder of executive/attentional functioning. Learning and long-term
memory functioning are intact on exam, with no evidence of memory impairment nor
memory disorder.

## Diagnostic Impression

- Diagnosis 1
- Diagnosis 2
- Diagnosis 3

- [DSM-5](dsm5_icd10_diagnoses.md)
