(ref:first-name) completed an objective self-report inventory of personality and
emotional functioning. (ref:his-her-cap) clinical profile was marked by a
_clinically significant_ elevation on the depression scale. (ref:he-she-cap) reported a number of difficulties consistent with a significant depressive
experience, primarily marked by cognitive features such as negative expectancies
and low self-esteem. (ref:he-she-cap) is quite pessimistic and plagued by thoughts
of low self-worth, hopelessness, and personal failure. (ref:he-she-cap) indicated
concerns about physical functioning and health matters in general such as pain,
GI problems, ill health, and fatigue, which are often accompanied by depression
and anxiety. (ref:he-she-cap) is worried and concerned about current issues to the
degree that (ref:his-her) ability to concentrate and attend are significantly compromised, and reported overconcern regarding issues and events over which he
has no control. (ref:he-she-cap) can be rather impatient and easily irritated, but does not report any specific aggressive behaviors that are recurrent problems
for him. No suicidal thoughts or intentions indicated.

Patient completed an objective self-report inventory of personality and
emotional functioning.^[The validity indicators suggested some problems in understanding or attending appropriately to the scale items, along with some idiosyncratic responses to particular items, and inconsistent responses to a handful of items with similar content. However, this pattern does not necessarily indicate a level of inconsistency that would render the test results uninterpretable.] (ref:his-her-cap) clinical profile indicated no marked elevations
that should be considered to indicate the presence of clinical psychopathology.
That said, (ref:he-she) describes herself as being more wary and sensitive in
interpersonal relationships than the average adult. Certain elements of (ref:his-her)
self-description suggest that others are likely to see (ref:his-her) as being socially
reserved and somewhat unconventional.

(ref:his-her-cap) self-concept appears to involve a self-evaluation that has both positive and
negative aspects. (ref:his-her-cap) attitudes about herself seem to vary from states of
pessimism and self-doubt to periods of relative self-confidence and
self-satisfaction. Some fluctuation in self-esteem appears to be a function of
(ref:his-her) current circumstances, although these fluctuations are not extreme and are
comparable to those experienced by most adults. During stressful times in
particular, (ref:he-she) is prone to be somewhat self-critical, uncertain, and
indecisive.

(ref:his-her-cap) interpersonal style seems best characterized as both introverted and
extroverted. She may appear to others as if (ref:he-she) has little interest in
socializing when (ref:he-she) actually does, like because and (ref:his-her) passive style in
relationships probably does not invite social interaction with others. Although
(ref:he-she) indicates a desire for a more extensive social network, (ref:his-her) perceived lack
of success in such interactions seems to preclude a more active pursuit of
social contacts. She is likely to be rather passive and distant in those
relationships that are maintained.
