## Overall Evaluation Interpretation

(ref:first-name) (ref:first-name) is a (ref:age)-year-old (ref:sex) with a history of (ref:dx1) and (ref:dx2).
(ref:he-she-cap) was referred for testing by (ref:his-her) psychiatrist,(ref:refdoc), to assess (ref:his-her) current cognitive and emotional functioning.
Without question, (ref:first-name) is an endearing (ref:sex) who presents with a
multitude of cognitive and interpersonal strengths.
(ref:his-her-cap) premorbid and current general ability/intellectual skills are in the average range for (ref:his-her) age and level of schooling.
Verbal/language processing is intact.
Fluid/spatial reasoning is broadly intact for (ref:his-her) age; scores that are somewhat low in this area are secondary to nonverbal working memory difficulties rather than difficulties with reasoning and problem-solving.
Attentional and executive functioning, including judgment/decision-making, auditory attention, and processing speed are solidly average.
Of note, attentional/executive functioning deficits may not show up on tests or in a structured testing office and yet be evident in real-world settings.
This seems to be the case for (ref:first-name), as (ref:his-her) self-report ratings indicated moderate attention and executive problems in the areas of inattention/working memory difficulties, impulsivity/emotional lability, and on a global indicator of symptoms suggestive of a disorder of executive/attentional functioning.
Learning and long-term memory functioning are intact on exam, with no evidence of memory impairment nor memory disorder.

## Diagnostic Impression

[[Diagnostic Codes|dsm5_icd10_diagnoses]]

# RECOMMENDATIONS

## Recommendations for Medical/Health Care

1. Rec 1

1. Rec 2

1. Rec 3

1. High quality sleep, balanced nutrition, and frequent, vigorous exercise are
   critical to maximizing attention and focus as well.

## Recommendations for School

1. Rec 1

1. Rec 2

1. Rec 3

## Recommendations for Home

1.  _Mindfulness_ is a technique in which (ref:first-name) can learn to ignore
    distracting thoughts and concentrate on the task at hand. People of all ages
    can benefit from mindfulness training, which can help them to develop
    cognitive control.

1.  Social activities are strongly encouraged to foster positive socialization
    experiences.

## Recommendations for Follow-Up Evaluation

Follow-up assessment is not recommended at this time unless further concerns
arise that need to be addressed.
