## Behavioral Observations

`r params$fname` was seen in-person at the USC Psychiatry and Behavioral Health
Services (PBHS) clinic on the University Park Campus. `r params$he` attended the
appointments with `r params$his` parents. `r params$he2` was evaluated across
two 4-hour testing sessions scheduled a week apart in a physically-distanced
testing environment. A number of precautionary safety measures were employed
(e.g., masks, gloves, plexiglass dividers) while minimizing interference with
standardized testing procedures.

`r params$fname` had taken his prescribed medications the day of testing. He
transitioned appropriately to begin testing. He was quiet and reserved but
pleasant. He seemed tired and had somewhat reserved affect. He denied headache
but reported a mildly upset stomach. He spoke little outside of responding to
test items, but his speech was typical for his age. His language expression and
comprehension were age-appropriate. He was cooperative with testing and seemed
motivated to do well. `r params$he2` was friendly but reserved. `r params$his2`
affect was somewhat restricted in range and expression but positive, and
`r params$he` showed a full range of emotions. Eye contact was good and
appropriate to situation. He put forth good effort (as supported by formal
effort measures). He had good attention to tasks and persisted even on
challenging items. For paper-and-pencil tests, he used his right hand with good
pencil control. Test results are believed to be a valid reflection of his
functioning.

`r params$fname` described a great deal of forgetfulness. He said that he
forgets a lot of academic material, no matter how much he studies. He also
reported forgetting tasks he needs to do, conversations, and recent events. He
denied difficulties remembering past experiences (e.g. vacations), people's
names, or faces. He noted that memory cues help sometimes. He reported not
noticing much difference on medication but that he does focus better. He said he
is a little slow to process information. He described poor time management
skills.

`r params$fname` said that he has to re-take several classes from last year
because of missing all of 2nd quarter. He described English as his weakest
subject and math as his strongest. He said that he forgets what he has read so
he struggles with reading comprehension. He took the ACT in Month 20XX, and
reading was his hardest section. He plans to re-take the ACT at the beginning of
the school year. He said he plans to take community college classes before
applying to Local College. He expressed interest in design.


