Complex working memory and concept formation/inductive reasoning were areas of
notable strength for `r params$fname`. Cognitive control and planning/problem-solving were about average. Verbal and spatial processing speed were variable,
but in general processing speed was one of `r params$fname`'s weakest areas on
exam. Cognitive flexibility and rapid set-shifting were areas of relative
weakness.

(ref:first-name) performed in the *high-average* range on mazes, a measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *average* range on word generation perseverations, a measure of perseverative errors. (ref:first-name) performed in the *average* range on digit span, a measure of basic auditory attention. (ref:first-name) performed in the *low-average* range on executive functions domain, a measure of general executive functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *low-average* range on digits forward, a measure of t_score. (ref:first-name) performed in the *low-average* range on digits forward longest span, a measure of raw_score. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on digits backward longest span, a measure of raw_score. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on letter-number sequencing, a measure of recall and reordering of digits and letters. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on cancellation, a measure of visual cancellation task requiring rapid processing. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on symbol span, a measure of a visual working memory measure. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on orientation, a measure of
oriented. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on digits backward, a measure of measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on numbers & letters part a speed, a measure of measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on word generation, a measure of measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *below average* range on attention index, a measure of general attentional and executive functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *exceptionally low* range on numbers & letters part a errors, a measure of measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *exceptionally low* range on numbers & letters part a efficiency, a measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *exceptionally low* range on numbers & letters part b efficiency, a measure of x functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *exceptionally low* range on attention domain, a measure of general attentional functioning. (ref:first-name) performed in the *exceptionally low*
range on coding, a measure of speed of information processing.
