## Reason for Referral

(ref:fname) (ref:lname) is a (ref:age)-year-old (ref:hand)-handed (ref:sex) with
a reported history of disorder and disorder. (ref:he2) was referred by referdoc,
for evaluation of his neurocognitive functioning to update his intervention
plan. This report is based on a review of available medical records and
information gathered on the following dates: (ref:doe1), (ref:doe2), (ref:doe3).
Intervention planning was discussed with (ref:fname) and (ref:his) (ref:family)
on the last of these dates.

## Background

(ref:fname) believes she has bipolar disorder and are insistent she should be
treated with a mood stabilizing medication. However, the patient disagrees with
her family about the diagnosis and reports having had severe side effects in the
past from lamotrigine (Lamictal) including dizziness and falling spells. She
currently takes paroxetine (Paxil) to treat nonspecific symptoms of depression
and anxiousness. (ref:his2) husband, has stated in prior communications that he
wants her "mood stabilized" because "whenever relapse happens" and it is
"difficult for him" until her mood is stable again. There are broader family
conflicts as well, including reported discord between (ref:fname) and her three
adult children and longstanding marital problems.

## Relevant History

### Developmental/Medical

(ref:fname) believes she was born full-term and does not recall her mother
having complications during pregnancy. She denied subsequent developmental
delays in the areas of walking, talking, and toilet training.

Medical history includes carotid artery disease, cataract, type 2 diabetes
mellitus with hyperglycemia, unstable angina, xerosis of skin, hyperlipidemia,
osteopenia of left femoral neck, recurrent falls. Family medical history
includes diabetes and heart disease. She has improved her self-care and diabetes
management lately, per chart. Surgical history includes cataract surgery,
coronary bypass surgery, and removal of intra-aortic balloon pump.

### Academics

(ref:fname) recalls early learning difficulties in school related to reading and
being a "slow learner." She completed high school in India but did not attend
college.

### Behavioral/Emotional/Social

(ref:fname) reported that she has struggled with depression over the years. She
and her husband were in marital therapy before COVID-19; she attended 6-7
sessions and her husband attended one session). Her family has variously
reported the following concerns regarding her behavior: "she will go through
cycles from elevated mood to depressed mood (e.g., sleeping, not eating); she
will have pressured speech, paranoia in the past, nonstop talking, verbal
aggression."

### Family

(ref:fname) was born in ["\${1\|city}"]. She was emotionally healthy child until
her biological mother committed suicide when (ref:fname) was 8-years-old, which
reportedly followed the death of an infant son. She and her younger brother were
particularly close to their mother. As was custom in her culture, her father was
remarried to a woman with 10 children of her own. They had more children, until
his 2nd wife also died. He then raised his 10 surviving children (of 14 total).
(ref:fname) spent her remaining childhood and adolescence in India with her
father and stepmother, and her various full- and step-siblings.

### Prior Testing

None reported.

