## Overall Evaluation Interpretation

(ref:fname) (ref:lname) is a (ref:age)-year-old sex with a history of disorder
and disorder. (ref:he2) was referred for testing by (ref:his) psychiatrist,
(ref:refDoc), to assess (ref:his) current cognitive and emotional functioning.
Without question, (ref:lname) is an endearing (ref:lname) who presents with a
multitude of cognitive and interpersonal strengths. (ref:his) premorbid and
current general ability/intellectual skills are in the average range for
(ref:his) age and level of schooling. Verbal/language processing is intact, with
the expected caveat that (ref:his) various vocabulary scores were somewhat lower
than expected given English is (ref:his) second language. Fluid/spatial
reasoning is broadly intact for (ref:his) age; scores that are somewhat low in
this area are secondary to nonverbal working memory difficulties rather than
difficulties with reasoning and problem-solving. Attentional and executive
functioning, including judgment/decision making, auditory attention, and
processing speed are solidly average. Of note, attentional/executive functioning
deficits may not show up on tests or in a structured testing office and yet be
evident in real-world settings. This seems to be the case for (ref:fname), as
(ref:his) self-report ratings indicated moderate attention and executive
problems in the areas of inattention/working memory difficulties,
impulsivity/emotional lability, and on a global indicator of symptoms suggestive
of a disorder of executive/attentional functioning. Learning and long-term
memory functioning are intact on exam, with no evidence of memory impairment nor
memory disorder.

## Diagnostic Impression

[[dsm5_icd10_diagnoses]]

# RECOMMENDATIONS

## Recommendations for Medical/Health Care

1.  Outpatient psychotherapy of medium duration (months rather than weeks or
    years), combining cognitive and behavioral interventions (DBT, CBT) with
    between-session practice, should be considered to help (ref:lname) learn
    ways to better manage her mood and stress levels moving forward. Additional
    emphasis should be placed on boosting her self-esteem and confidence, as her
    attitudes about herself seem to vary from states of pessimism and self-doubt
    to periods of relative self-confidence and self-satisfaction. During
    stressful times in particular, she is prone to be self-critical, uncertain,
    and indecisive.

2.  Family-based psychotherapy: (ref:lname) and, to the extent feasible, their
    children, should consider jointly starting therapy so that they all can
    begin to mend many years of interpersonal and family discord, and to instill
    better adaptive coping skills for everyone. Mindfulness, distress tolerance
    skills, and cognitive-behavioral techniques such as problem solving should
    be woven into the therapeutic process. The goal of problem-solving skills
    training is to help everyone within the family to view situational conflicts
    (caused by a lack of positive reinforcement) as a dilemma to be resolved
    rather than as a hopeless situation.

3.  Adults with ADHD may benefit from FDA-approved stimulant and/or
    non-stimulant medications. Older adults are underrepresented in
    pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies. Clinical trials for ADHD
    medication have often excluded people over the age of 65 in an attempt to
    streamline research or meet criteria, as older adults tend to have existing
    medical conditions and/or are taking medicine for other issues, which could
    introduce confounding factors into a studies' results. This lack of
    systematic study, however, has left unanswered questions regarding the
    effectiveness of stimulants and tolerability in this population. Clinicians
    have largely relied on available (though hardly abundant) research to inform
    their clinical judgement.

4.  High quality sleep, balanced nutrition, and frequent, vigorous exercise are
    critical to maximizing attention and focus as well.

5.  Books and online recommendations (links are clickable):

    -   [ADHD 2.0](https://drhallowell.com/read/books-by-ned/)

    -   [In The End of Old Age: Living a Longer, More Purposeful
        Life](https://www.marcagronin.com/book/the-end-of-old-age/)

    -   [The Adult ADHD Handbook for Patients, Family &
        Friends](https://www.amazon.com/Adult-Handbook-Patients-Family-Friends-ebook/dp/B004S3I8Z4)

    -   [ADHD After Age
        60](https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-in-seniors-diagnosis-and-treatment-after-60/)

    -   [Messages: The Communication Skills Book](https://g.co/kgs/EKmwBy)

    -   [When Anger Hurts: Quieting the Storm Within](https://g.co/kgs/Tu3ieS)

## Recommendations for Home

1.  (ref:lname) is encouraged to monitor her own behavior, which has many
    benefits. It can provide an opportunity for discussion when (ref:lname) and
    her family agree/disagree on the severity of her behavior. It also prompts
    movement toward (ref:lname)'s internal frame of reference in evaluating
    behavior.

2.  Instead of only pointing out (ref:lname)'s inappropriate or undesirable
    activities and/or behaviors, her family are encouraged to point out
    alternatives that are available. This will clarify expectations and avoid
    what she might perceive as constant criticism.

3.  Instead of only identifying (ref:lname)'s undesirable behaviors with
    inherently negative statements, praise her when she does something
    appropriate or desirable. This will change the tempo and tone of family
    interactions by reducing the frequency of negative statements, overall. It
    also serves to reduce or eliminate what (ref:lname) might perceive as
    constant criticism.

4.  *Mindfulness* is a technique in which (ref:lname) can learn to ignore
    distracting thoughts and concentrate on the task at hand. People of all ages
    can benefit from mindfulness training, which can help them to develop
    cognitive control.

5.  Social activities are strongly encouraged to foster positive socialization
    experiences.

6.  Attention problems:

    -   Because of her inattention, (ref:lname) will need to work hard at
        becoming a better "listener" given her relative difficulty processing
        highly detailed verbal information (e.g., when engaging in a
        back-and-forth conversation with someone. A basic step she can take
        toward more effective listening includes *listening actively* (e.g.,
        paraphrasing what someone has just said; clarifying meaning; asking more
        questions until she gets more of the picture; and giving feedback,
        meaning she should share her reactions in a nonjudgmental way).

    -   Enlist the help of others. Family members and other supports may help
        with creating structure and simplifying tasks.

    -   Set reminders. Calendars, alarms, written notes, and lists can provide
        additional assistance in remembering tasks.

## Recommendations for Follow-Up Evaluation

Follow-up assessment is not recommended at this time unless further concerns
arise that need to be addressed.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[dsm5_icd10_diagnoses]: dsm5_icd10_diagnoses.md "DSM-5 Classifications"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"