### Social Cognition

Emotional intelligence and social cognition were examined through a combination of performance-based tests and semi-structured clinical interviews.
Performance-based testing on measures to gauge aspects of social-emotional processing and social aptitude, which are important aspects of how individuals process social information about other adults, groups, and social contexts, was intact.
Global social perception fell in the Average range, but (ref:his-her) overall score was significantly lower than predicted by (ref:his-her) General Ability Index.
(ref:his-her-cap) ability to recognize and interpret the emotional state (happy, sad, angry, afraid, surprised, disgusted, and neutral) from a series of adult faces was average.
Notably, (ref:he-she) performed a subset of these tasks better with multisensory input (e.g., both seeing and hearing the material).^[For example, (ref:he-she) had to first listen to an affectively laden audio recording and match the emotion of the speaker with the same emotion from several faces (including complex emotions such as sarcasm and confusion).
Then (ref:he-she) had to listen to an additional set of statements and, using the prosody from the voice, match the implied tone of the speaker to one of various two-person interactions utilizing facial expressions and body language.
If there was a mismatch between the speaker’s tone and the actual content of the statement that was spoken (e.g., when the speaker was being sarcastic), (ref:he-she) had to describe what the speaker actually meant.]
(ref:first-name) obtained Average to Above-Average scores on these multisensory tasks requiring problem-solving skills in addition to basic social-emotional perception.
Further, (ref:he-she) provided exceptionally precise verbal responses on these tasks, relying on cognition, not intuition.
