<!-- ### Emotional/Behavioral/Personality -->

(ref:first-name) completed an objective, self-report inventory of personality
and emotional functioning. Given their scores on the validity scales, there are no problems with interpreting the clinical profile. They responded in an open and forthright manner, indicating only modestly elevated levels of stress and anxiety. They seem to have a positive self-image and are likely viewed by others as warm and friendly. There do not appear to be any contributing emotional factors that would account for their current cognitive difficulties.

On the clinical scales, (ref:first-name)'s profile revealed no elevations above
the clinical skyline that would indicate the presence of clinical
psychopathology in the areas that are tapped by the individual clinical scales.
Based on interpretation of (ref:first-name)'s scores, (ref:he-she) reported some
preoccupation with physical symptoms and bodily complaints (_elevated SOM-H_);
it is possible that (ref:he-she) may express (ref:his-her) psychological
distress through somatic symptoms. (ref:first-name) reported high perceived
stress, a great deal of tension, and having difficulty relaxing (_elevated
ANX-A_). (ref:he-she-cap) appears to have a tendency to be impulsive and
(ref:his-her) impulsive behaviors may interfere with interpersonal problems and
school functioning (_elevated BOR-S_). As a result of (ref:his-her) desire for
excitement and stimulation, (ref:first-name) may often become easily bored by
routine activities (_elevated ANT-S_). Furthermore, (ref:first-name)'s profile
suggests (ref:he-she) tends to be egocentric and have little regard for others.
Although (ref:he-she) may feel guilt over past misbehaviors, (ref:he-she) may
feel little long-standing remorse (_elevated ANT-E_). On the NON scales,
(ref:first-name)'s score suggests (ref:he-she) generally feels (ref:his-her)
family is a source of social support. However, (ref:he-she) may have few close
interpersonal relationships. Finally, (ref:first-name)'s RXR score suggests
(ref:he-she) acknowledges the need to make changes and reports having a
generally positive attitude towards making personal change. Given the patient's
diagnosis of ADHD and Mood Disorder, the patient's personality profile appears
to explain some of (ref:his-her) classic symptoms such as concentration
difficulties, stimulus seeking, irritability, and impulsive behavior.
